README.md, before:

# Reya CCXT Adapter 
This repository contains a fork of the Reya Python SDK for interacting with the Reya ecosystem.

It adds an CCXT Wrapper purely python based by using the direct request calls for public methods and the SDK for private one to map to the interface methods of the ccxt environment.

Right now not all methods functions are implemented.
 - fetchOHLCV delegates to Binance since Reya only support candles up to 1D-Timeframe and no easy management for calling last X Candles. Start und End Time is needed every time. Additonally the api is not as fast for complicated calculations based on a lot of candles.
 - The Signer for Private calls is not finished, so it relays on the SDK functions.
 - fetchBalance only recognized staked RUSD (0xa9f32a851b1800742e47725da54a09a7ef2556a3). Different Tokens for Collateral are not supported right now (wrtETH f.e.)
 - fetch_canceled_and_closed_orders not supported right now
 - setLeverage not supported right now (no reya api endpoint)
 - short orders can be placed but are not fully considered by profit calculation
   
# Reya Python SDK

This repository contains a Python SDK for interacting with the Reya ecosystem. It provides tools for subscribing to the Reya WebSocket for market data updates and executing on-chain actions via RPC.

For installation and inclusion in another projects use

```
pip install {localpath}\reya-python-sdk_ccxt_adapter   
or
pip install git+https://github.com/marcelkb/reya-python-sdk_ccxt_adapter
```

## Usage

```
from reya_ccxt_wrapper.Reya import Reya
from reya_ccxt_wrapper.const import EOrderSide, EOrderType
from sdk.reya_rest_api import TradingConfig, ReyaTradingClient

    load_dotenv()
    config = TradingConfig.from_env()

    #signer = ReyaSignerAdapter(private_key = config.private_key, wallet_address=config.owner_wallet_address, account_id=config.account_id, chain_id=config.chain_id) TODO not working right now
    exchange = Reya({
        'walletAddress': config.owner_wallet_address,
        'privateKey': config.private_key,
        'options':{'account_id': config.account_id},
        'verbose': True,
    })
    client = ReyaTradingClient()
    exchange.withClient(client)
    
    symbol = 'SOL/RUSD:RUSD'  # market symbol
    ticker = exchange.fetch_ticker(symbol)
    print(f"{symbol} price: {ticker['last']}")
    
    position = exchange.fetch_position(symbol)
    print(f"{position['info']['unrealisedPnl']} {position['info']['curRealisedPnl']} {position['info']['size']}")
    
    print(f"Creating LIMIT BUY order for {symbol}")
    print(exchange.create_order(symbol, EOrderType.LIMIT.value, EOrderSide.BUY.value, AMOUNT, ticker['last'] * 0.5))
  
    print(f"Creating TAKE PROFIT MARKET SELL order for {symbol}")
    print(exchange.create_order(
        symbol,
        EOrderType.MARKET.value,
        EOrderSide.SELL.value,
        AMOUNT,
        ticker['last'] * 1.01,
        params={'takeProfitPrice': '250', 'reduceOnly': True}
    ))
    
    print(f"Creating STOP LOSS MARKET SELL order for {symbol}")
    print(exchange.create_order(
        symbol,
        EOrderType.MARKET.value,
        EOrderSide.SELL.value,
        AMOUNT,
        ticker['last'] * 1.01,
        params={'stopLossPrice': '100', 'reduceOnly': True}
    ))
```

## Versioning

The SDK uses a 4-digit semantic versioning scheme: `X.Y.Z.W`

- **X.Y.Z**: Matches the first three digits of the API specifications tag (major.minor.patch)
- **W**: Build number that increments automatically for SDK-only changes

For example, if the API specs are at version `2.0.3`, the SDK versions will be `2.0.3.0`, `2.0.3.1`, `2.0.3.2`, etc. When the API specs update to `2.0.4`, the SDK will reset to `2.0.4.0`.

This ensures the SDK version always reflects compatibility with the underlying API specifications while allowing for independent SDK improvements and bug fixes.


## Features

### REST API Client

- **Wallet Resource**
    - Get wallet accounts via `/v2/wallet/{address}/accounts`
    - Get wallet positions via `/v2/wallet/{address}/positions`
    - Get open orders via `/v2/wallet/{address}/openOrders`
    - Get perpetual executions via `/v2/wallet/{address}/perpExecutions`
    - Get spot executions via `/v2/wallet/{address}/spotExecutions`
    - Get configuration via `/v2/wallet/{address}/configuration`

- **Order Entry Resource**
    - Create orders via `/v2/createOrder` (IOC, GTC, SL, TP)
    - Cancel orders via `/v2/cancelOrder`

- **Market Data Resource**
    - Get all markets summary via `/v2/markets/summary`
    - Get market summary via `/v2/market/{symbol}/summary`
    - Get market perpetual executions via `/v2/market/{symbol}/perpExecutions`
    - Get historical candles via `/v2/candleHistory/{symbol}/{resolution}`

- **Reference Data Resource**
    - Get market definitions via `/v2/marketDefinitions`
    - Get asset definitions via `/v2/assetDefinitions`
    - Get liquidity parameters via `/v2/liquidityParameters`
    - Get global fee parameters via `/v2/globalFeeParameters`
    - Get fee tiers via `/v2/feeTiers`

- **Prices Resource**
    - Get all prices via `/v2/prices`
    - Get price by symbol via `/v2/prices/{symbol}`

### WebSocket API Client (Resource-Oriented)

- **Market Resources**
    - Subscribe to all markets summary via `/v2/markets/summary`
    - Subscribe to specific market summary via `/v2/market/{symbol}/summary`
    - Monitor market perpetual executions via `/v2/market/{symbol}/perpExecutions`

- **Wallet Resources**
    - Track wallet positions via `/v2/wallet/{address}/positions`
    - Monitor wallet open orders via `/v2/wallet/{address}/orderChanges`
    - Monitor wallet perpetual executions via `/v2/wallet/{address}/perpExecutions`

- **Price Resources**
    - Track prices for all markets via `/v2/prices`
    - Track prices for specific market via `/v2/prices/{symbol}`

## API Specifications

This SDK is built from official API specifications that define the V2 endpoints:

### OpenAPI Specification
- **Location**: `specs/openapi-trading-v2.yaml`
- **Version**: OpenAPI 3.1.1
- **Purpose**: Defines all REST API endpoints, request/response models, and authentication
- **Auto-generation**: The `sdk/open_api/` module is automatically generated from this specification

### AsyncAPI Specification  
- **Location**: `specs/asyncapi-trading-v2.yaml`
- **Version**: AsyncAPI 2.6.0
- **Purpose**: Defines WebSocket message schemas and real-time data structures
- **Auto-generation**: The `sdk/async_api/` module is automatically generated from this specification

### Code Generation
The SDK uses automated code generation to ensure type safety and API compatibility:
- **REST API Generation**: `scripts/generate-api.sh` - generates Python client from OpenAPI spec
- **WebSocket Generation**: `scripts/generate-ws.sh` - generates Pydantic models from AsyncAPI spec

These specifications ensure the SDK stays in sync with the latest Reya V2 API endpoints and provide the foundation for the high-level, user-friendly interfaces in `sdk/reya_rest_api/` and `sdk/reya_websocket/`.

## Installation

Dependencies are managed with Poetry. To install Poetry, use the following command:

```bash
pipx install poetry
```

> **Note**: If `pipx` is not installed on your system, follow the [official installation guide](https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/installation/).

### Setting up with Poetry

> **Note**: If you want `poetry` to create the virtual environment in the project directory, run `poetry config virtualenvs.in-project true`. This tells Poetry to create the .venv/ folder inside each project directory instead of the default global cache.

Follow these steps to set up your development environment:

1. Clone the repository and navigate to the project directory:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Reya-Labs/reya-python-sdk.git
cd reya-python-sdk
```

2. Create a virtual environment and install dependencies using Poetry:

```bash
poetry install
```

3. Activate the virtual environment:

```bash
source $(poetry env info --path)/bin/activate
```

This will create and activate a virtual environment with all required dependencies installed.

### Running Examples

To run the examples, make sure you have activated the virtual environment first:

```bash
source $(poetry env info --path)/bin/activate
python -m examples.rest_api.order_entry  # Run a specific example
```

## Finding Your Account ID

Before setting up your environment, you'll need to find your Reya account ID:

1. Replace `<your_wallet_address>` with your Ethereum wallet address in this URL:
   ```
   https://api.reya.xyz/v2/wallet/<your_wallet_address>/accounts
   ```

2. Open the URL in your browser. You'll see a JSON response containing your account information.

3. Note the `account_id` field from the response. This is your account ID needed for the environment setup.

For example, the response might look like:
```json
[
  {
    "account_id": "123456",
    "name": "Margin Account 1",
    "status": "OPEN",
    "updated_timestamp_ms": "1753799229000",
    "source": "reya"
  }
]
```

## Environment Setup

Create a `.env` file in the project root with the following variables:

```
ACCOUNT_ID=your_account_id
PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key
CHAIN_ID=1729                   # Use 89346162 for testnet
REYA_WS_URL=wss://ws.reya.xyz/  # Use wss://websocket-testnet.reya.xyz/ for testnet
REYA_API_BASE_URL=https://api.reya.xyz/v2  # Use https://api-test.reya.xyz/v2 for testnet
OWNER_WALLET_ADDRESS=your_wallet_address    # Required: wallet address for data queries
```

### Signer vs Owner Wallet

The SDK distinguishes between two wallet concepts:

- **Signer Wallet**: The wallet that signs transactions and orders (derived from `PRIVATE_KEY`)
- **Owner Wallet**: The wallet whose data you want to query (positions, orders, balances, etc.)

In most cases, these are the same wallet (set `OWNER_WALLET_ADDRESS` to the address derived from your `PRIVATE_KEY`). However, in Reya DEX, one address can trade on behalf of another wallet. The `OWNER_WALLET_ADDRESS` is used for all wallet data query methods (`get_positions()`, `get_open_orders()`, etc.), while order signatures always use the signer wallet address.
### Resource-Based API Structure

#### REST API Structure

The REST API client is organized around the following resources:

```
ReyaTradingClient
├── wallet                           # Wallet resource
│   ├── get_accounts()               # /v2/wallet/{address}/accounts
│   ├── get_positions()              # /v2/wallet/{address}/positions
│   ├── get_open_orders()            # /v2/wallet/{address}/openOrders
│   ├── get_perp_executions()        # /v2/wallet/{address}/perpExecutions
│   ├── get_spot_executions()        # /v2/wallet/{address}/spotExecutions
│   └── get_configuration()          # /v2/wallet/{address}/configuration
├── orders                           # Order Entry resource
│   ├── create_order()               # /v2/createOrder (IOC, GTC, SL, TP)
│   └── cancel_order()               # /v2/cancelOrder
├── markets                          # Market Data resource
│   ├── get_markets_summary()        # /v2/markets/summary
│   ├── get_market_summary()         # /v2/market/{symbol}/summary
│   ├── get_market_perp_executions() # /v2/market/{symbol}/perpExecutions
│   └── get_candles()                # /v2/candleHistory/{symbol}/{resolution}
├── reference                        # Reference Data resource
│   ├── get_market_definitions()     # /v2/marketDefinitions
│   ├── get_asset_definitions()      # /v2/assetDefinitions
│   ├── get_liquidity_parameters()   # /v2/liquidityParameters
│   ├── get_global_fee_parameters()  # /v2/globalFeeParameters
│   └── get_fee_tiers()              # /v2/feeTiers
└── prices                           # Prices resource
    ├── get_prices()                 # /v2/prices
    └── get_price()                  # /v2/prices/{symbol}
```

#### WebSocket API Structure

The WebSocket API client is organized around resources:

```
ReyaSocket
├── market
│   ├── all_markets_summary             # /v2/markets/summary
│   │   ├── subscribe()
│   │   └── unsubscribe()
│   ├── market_summary(symbol)          # /v2/market/{symbol}/summary
│   │   ├── subscribe()
│   │   └── unsubscribe()
│   └── market_perp_executions(symbol)  # /v2/market/{symbol}/perpExecutions
│       ├── subscribe()
│       └── unsubscribe()
├── wallet
│   ├── positions(address)              # /v2/wallet/{address}/positions
│   │   ├── subscribe()
│   │   └── unsubscribe()
│   ├── order_changes(address)            # /v2/wallet/{address}/orderChanges
│   │   ├── subscribe()
│   │   └── unsubscribe()
│   └── perp_executions(address)        # /v2/wallet/{address}/perpExecutions
│       ├── subscribe()
│       └── unsubscribe()
└── ping                                # /ping (heartbeat)
    ├── send_pong()
    └── receive_ping()
```

### Configuration via Environment Variables

All configuration is now handled via environment variables, making it easier to deploy and maintain:

```bash
# WebSocket URL (defaults to mainnet if not specified)
REYA_WS_URL="wss://ws.reya.xyz/"

# Connection parameters
REYA_WS_PING_INTERVAL=30     # Send ping every 30 seconds
REYA_WS_PING_TIMEOUT=10      # Wait 10 seconds for pong response
REYA_WS_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT=30 # Connection timeout in seconds
REYA_WS_RECONNECT_ATTEMPTS=3  # Number of reconnection attempts
REYA_WS_RECONNECT_DELAY=5     # Delay between reconnection attempts
REYA_WS_ENABLE_COMPRESSION=true # Enable WebSocket compression
REYA_WS_SSL_VERIFY=true       # Verify SSL certificate

```

## Examples

The repository includes example scripts demonstrating how to use the SDK:

### Available Examples

- **REST API Examples**
    - `examples/rest_api/wallet_example.py` - Comprehensive example of all wallet endpoints
    - `examples/rest_api/markets_example.py` - Using markets-related endpoints
    - `examples/rest_api/assets_example.py` - Retrieving assets information
    - `examples/rest_api/prices_example.py` - Getting price information
    - `examples/rest_api/order_entry.py` - Creating various order types
    - `examples/rest_api/account_info.py` - Getting open orders for a wallet

- **WebSocket Data Feed Examples**
    - `examples/websocket/market_monitoring.py` - Basic subscription to market data
    - `examples/websocket/prices_monitoring.py` - Monitoring real-time prices for an asset pair
    - `examples/websocket/wallet_monitoring.py` - Monitoring wallet positions and orders
    - `examples/consume_data_feed.py` - Working with the WebSocket data feed

- **Action Examples**
    - `examples/bridge_in_and_deposit.py` - Bridge in and deposit funds
    - `examples/withdraw_and_bridge_out.py` - Withdraw and bridge out funds
    - `examples/update_oracle_prices.py` - Update oracle prices

### Running Examples

To run the examples, use Python from the project root with the Poetry environment activated:

```bash
# Activate the Poetry environment (if not already activated)
poetry shell

# Run an example (use the module format)
python -m examples.basic_market_data
python -m examples.trading.order_entry
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Support

For any questions or support, please open a ticket on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/reyaxyz).

Commit message:

updated readme streamlined env and reya test code seperate repo for adapter withoud reya sdk code included

README.md, after:

# Reya CCXT Adapter 
This repository contains a fork of the Reya Python SDK for interacting with the Reya ecosystem.

It adds an CCXT Wrapper purely python based by using the direct request calls for public methods and the SDK for private one to map to the interface methods of the ccxt environment.

Right now not all methods functions are implemented.
 - fetchOHLCV delegates to Binance since Reya only support candles up to 1D-Timeframe and no easy management for calling last X Candles. Start und End Time is needed every time. Additonally the api is not as fast for complicated calculations based on a lot of candles.
 - The Signer for Private calls is not finished, so it relays on the SDK functions.
 - fetchBalance only recognized RUSD. Different Tokens for Collateral are not supported right now (wrtETH f.e.)
 - fetch_canceled_and_closed_orders not supported right now
 - setLeverage not supported right now (no reya api endpoint)
 - short orders can be placed but are not fully considered by profit calculation

If you prefer a streamlined repo without the reya sdk integrated take a look at https://github.com/marcelkb/reya-ccxt-adapter
   
# Reya Python SDK

This repository contains a Python SDK for interacting with the Reya ecosystem. It provides tools for subscribing to the Reya WebSocket for market data updates and executing on-chain actions via RPC.

For installation and inclusion in another projects use

```
pip install {localpath}\reya-python-sdk_ccxt_adapter   
or
pip install git+https://github.com/marcelkb/reya-python-sdk_ccxt_adapter
```

## Environment Setup

Create a `.env` file in the project root with the following variables:

```
ACCOUNT_ID=your_account_id
PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key
CHAIN_ID=1729                   # Use 89346162 for testnet
REYA_WS_URL=wss://ws.reya.xyz/  # Use wss://websocket-testnet.reya.xyz/ for testnet
REYA_API_BASE_URL=https://api.reya.xyz/v2  # Use https://api-test.reya.xyz/v2 for testnet
OWNER_WALLET_ADDRESS=your_wallet_address    # Required: wallet address for data queries
```

## Usage

```
from reya_ccxt_wrapper.Reya import Reya
from reya_ccxt_wrapper.const import EOrderSide, EOrderType
from sdk.reya_rest_api import TradingConfig, ReyaTradingClient

    load_dotenv()
    config = TradingConfig.from_env()

    exchange = Reya({
        'walletAddress': config.owner_wallet_address,
        'privateKey': config.private_key,
        'options':{'account_id': config.account_id},
        'verbose': True,
    })
    client = ReyaTradingClient()
    exchange.withClient(client)
    
    symbol = 'SOL/RUSD:RUSD'  # market symbol
    ticker = exchange.fetch_ticker(symbol)
    print(f"{symbol} price: {ticker['last']}")
    
    position = exchange.fetch_position(symbol)
    print(f"{position['info']['unrealisedPnl']} {position['info']['curRealisedPnl']} {position['info']['size']}")
    
    print(f"Creating LIMIT BUY order for {symbol}")
    print(exchange.create_order(symbol, EOrderType.LIMIT.value, EOrderSide.BUY.value, AMOUNT, ticker['last'] * 0.5))
  
    print(f"Creating TAKE PROFIT MARKET SELL order for {symbol}")
    print(exchange.create_order(
        symbol,
        EOrderType.MARKET.value,
        EOrderSide.SELL.value,
        AMOUNT,
        ticker['last'] * 1.01,
        params={'takeProfitPrice': '250', 'reduceOnly': True}
    ))
    
    print(f"Creating STOP LOSS MARKET SELL order for {symbol}")
    print(exchange.create_order(
        symbol,
        EOrderType.MARKET.value,
        EOrderSide.SELL.value,
        AMOUNT,
        ticker['last'] * 1.01,
        params={'stopLossPrice': '100', 'reduceOnly': True}
    ))
```

## Versioning

The SDK uses a 4-digit semantic versioning scheme: `X.Y.Z.W`

- **X.Y.Z**: Matches the first three digits of the API specifications tag (major.minor.patch)
- **W**: Build number that increments automatically for SDK-only changes

For example, if the API specs are at version `2.0.3`, the SDK versions will be `2.0.3.0`, `2.0.3.1`, `2.0.3.2`, etc. When the API specs update to `2.0.4`, the SDK will reset to `2.0.4.0`.

This ensures the SDK version always reflects compatibility with the underlying API specifications while allowing for independent SDK improvements and bug fixes.


## Features

### REST API Client

- **Wallet Resource**
    - Get wallet accounts via `/v2/wallet/{address}/accounts`
    - Get wallet positions via `/v2/wallet/{address}/positions`
    - Get open orders via `/v2/wallet/{address}/openOrders`
    - Get perpetual executions via `/v2/wallet/{address}/perpExecutions`
    - Get spot executions via `/v2/wallet/{address}/spotExecutions`
    - Get configuration via `/v2/wallet/{address}/configuration`

- **Order Entry Resource**
    - Create orders via `/v2/createOrder` (IOC, GTC, SL, TP)
    - Cancel orders via `/v2/cancelOrder`

- **Market Data Resource**
    - Get all markets summary via `/v2/markets/summary`
    - Get market summary via `/v2/market/{symbol}/summary`
    - Get market perpetual executions via `/v2/market/{symbol}/perpExecutions`
    - Get historical candles via `/v2/candleHistory/{symbol}/{resolution}`

- **Reference Data Resource**
    - Get market definitions via `/v2/marketDefinitions`
    - Get asset definitions via `/v2/assetDefinitions`
    - Get liquidity parameters via `/v2/liquidityParameters`
    - Get global fee parameters via `/v2/globalFeeParameters`
    - Get fee tiers via `/v2/feeTiers`

- **Prices Resource**
    - Get all prices via `/v2/prices`
    - Get price by symbol via `/v2/prices/{symbol}`

### WebSocket API Client (Resource-Oriented)

- **Market Resources**
    - Subscribe to all markets summary via `/v2/markets/summary`
    - Subscribe to specific market summary via `/v2/market/{symbol}/summary`
    - Monitor market perpetual executions via `/v2/market/{symbol}/perpExecutions`

- **Wallet Resources**
    - Track wallet positions via `/v2/wallet/{address}/positions`
    - Monitor wallet open orders via `/v2/wallet/{address}/orderChanges`
    - Monitor wallet perpetual executions via `/v2/wallet/{address}/perpExecutions`

- **Price Resources**
    - Track prices for all markets via `/v2/prices`
    - Track prices for specific market via `/v2/prices/{symbol}`

## API Specifications

This SDK is built from official API specifications that define the V2 endpoints:

### OpenAPI Specification
- **Location**: `specs/openapi-trading-v2.yaml`
- **Version**: OpenAPI 3.1.1
- **Purpose**: Defines all REST API endpoints, request/response models, and authentication
- **Auto-generation**: The `sdk/open_api/` module is automatically generated from this specification

### AsyncAPI Specification  
- **Location**: `specs/asyncapi-trading-v2.yaml`
- **Version**: AsyncAPI 2.6.0
- **Purpose**: Defines WebSocket message schemas and real-time data structures
- **Auto-generation**: The `sdk/async_api/` module is automatically generated from this specification

### Code Generation
The SDK uses automated code generation to ensure type safety and API compatibility:
- **REST API Generation**: `scripts/generate-api.sh` - generates Python client from OpenAPI spec
- **WebSocket Generation**: `scripts/generate-ws.sh` - generates Pydantic models from AsyncAPI spec

These specifications ensure the SDK stays in sync with the latest Reya V2 API endpoints and provide the foundation for the high-level, user-friendly interfaces in `sdk/reya_rest_api/` and `sdk/reya_websocket/`.

## Installation

Dependencies are managed with Poetry. To install Poetry, use the following command:

```bash
pipx install poetry
```

> **Note**: If `pipx` is not installed on your system, follow the [official installation guide](https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/installation/).

### Setting up with Poetry

> **Note**: If you want `poetry` to create the virtual environment in the project directory, run `poetry config virtualenvs.in-project true`. This tells Poetry to create the .venv/ folder inside each project directory instead of the default global cache.

Follow these steps to set up your development environment:

1. Clone the repository and navigate to the project directory:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Reya-Labs/reya-python-sdk.git
cd reya-python-sdk
```

2. Create a virtual environment and install dependencies using Poetry:

```bash
poetry install
```

3. Activate the virtual environment:

```bash
source $(poetry env info --path)/bin/activate
```

This will create and activate a virtual environment with all required dependencies installed.

### Running Examples

To run the examples, make sure you have activated the virtual environment first:

```bash
source $(poetry env info --path)/bin/activate
python -m examples.rest_api.order_entry  # Run a specific example
```

## Finding Your Account ID

Before setting up your environment, you'll need to find your Reya account ID:

1. Replace `<your_wallet_address>` with your Ethereum wallet address in this URL:
   ```
   https://api.reya.xyz/v2/wallet/<your_wallet_address>/accounts
   ```

2. Open the URL in your browser. You'll see a JSON response containing your account information.

3. Note the `account_id` field from the response. This is your account ID needed for the environment setup.

For example, the response might look like:
```json
[
  {
    "account_id": "123456",
    "name": "Margin Account 1",
    "status": "OPEN",
    "updated_timestamp_ms": "1753799229000",
    "source": "reya"
  }
]
```


### Signer vs Owner Wallet

The SDK distinguishes between two wallet concepts:

- **Signer Wallet**: The wallet that signs transactions and orders (derived from `PRIVATE_KEY`)
- **Owner Wallet**: The wallet whose data you want to query (positions, orders, balances, etc.)

In most cases, these are the same wallet (set `OWNER_WALLET_ADDRESS` to the address derived from your `PRIVATE_KEY`). However, in Reya DEX, one address can trade on behalf of another wallet. The `OWNER_WALLET_ADDRESS` is used for all wallet data query methods (`get_positions()`, `get_open_orders()`, etc.), while order signatures always use the signer wallet address.
### Resource-Based API Structure

#### REST API Structure

The REST API client is organized around the following resources:

```
ReyaTradingClient
├── wallet                           # Wallet resource
│   ├── get_accounts()               # /v2/wallet/{address}/accounts
│   ├── get_positions()              # /v2/wallet/{address}/positions
│   ├── get_open_orders()            # /v2/wallet/{address}/openOrders
│   ├── get_perp_executions()        # /v2/wallet/{address}/perpExecutions
│   ├── get_spot_executions()        # /v2/wallet/{address}/spotExecutions
│   └── get_configuration()          # /v2/wallet/{address}/configuration
├── orders                           # Order Entry resource
│   ├── create_order()               # /v2/createOrder (IOC, GTC, SL, TP)
│   └── cancel_order()               # /v2/cancelOrder
├── markets                          # Market Data resource
│   ├── get_markets_summary()        # /v2/markets/summary
│   ├── get_market_summary()         # /v2/market/{symbol}/summary
│   ├── get_market_perp_executions() # /v2/market/{symbol}/perpExecutions
│   └── get_candles()                # /v2/candleHistory/{symbol}/{resolution}
├── reference                        # Reference Data resource
│   ├── get_market_definitions()     # /v2/marketDefinitions
│   ├── get_asset_definitions()      # /v2/assetDefinitions
│   ├── get_liquidity_parameters()   # /v2/liquidityParameters
│   ├── get_global_fee_parameters()  # /v2/globalFeeParameters
│   └── get_fee_tiers()              # /v2/feeTiers
└── prices                           # Prices resource
    ├── get_prices()                 # /v2/prices
    └── get_price()                  # /v2/prices/{symbol}
```

#### WebSocket API Structure

The WebSocket API client is organized around resources:

```
ReyaSocket
├── market
│   ├── all_markets_summary             # /v2/markets/summary
│   │   ├── subscribe()
│   │   └── unsubscribe()
│   ├── market_summary(symbol)          # /v2/market/{symbol}/summary
│   │   ├── subscribe()
│   │   └── unsubscribe()
│   └── market_perp_executions(symbol)  # /v2/market/{symbol}/perpExecutions
│       ├── subscribe()
│       └── unsubscribe()
├── wallet
│   ├── positions(address)              # /v2/wallet/{address}/positions
│   │   ├── subscribe()
│   │   └── unsubscribe()
│   ├── order_changes(address)            # /v2/wallet/{address}/orderChanges
│   │   ├── subscribe()
│   │   └── unsubscribe()
│   └── perp_executions(address)        # /v2/wallet/{address}/perpExecutions
│       ├── subscribe()
│       └── unsubscribe()
└── ping                                # /ping (heartbeat)
    ├── send_pong()
    └── receive_ping()
```

### Configuration via Environment Variables

All configuration is now handled via environment variables, making it easier to deploy and maintain:

```bash
# WebSocket URL (defaults to mainnet if not specified)
REYA_WS_URL="wss://ws.reya.xyz/"

# Connection parameters
REYA_WS_PING_INTERVAL=30     # Send ping every 30 seconds
REYA_WS_PING_TIMEOUT=10      # Wait 10 seconds for pong response
REYA_WS_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT=30 # Connection timeout in seconds
REYA_WS_RECONNECT_ATTEMPTS=3  # Number of reconnection attempts
REYA_WS_RECONNECT_DELAY=5     # Delay between reconnection attempts
REYA_WS_ENABLE_COMPRESSION=true # Enable WebSocket compression
REYA_WS_SSL_VERIFY=true       # Verify SSL certificate

```

## Examples

The repository includes example scripts demonstrating how to use the SDK:

### Available Examples

- **REST API Examples**
    - `examples/rest_api/wallet_example.py` - Comprehensive example of all wallet endpoints
    - `examples/rest_api/markets_example.py` - Using markets-related endpoints
    - `examples/rest_api/assets_example.py` - Retrieving assets information
    - `examples/rest_api/prices_example.py` - Getting price information
    - `examples/rest_api/order_entry.py` - Creating various order types
    - `examples/rest_api/account_info.py` - Getting open orders for a wallet

- **WebSocket Data Feed Examples**
    - `examples/websocket/market_monitoring.py` - Basic subscription to market data
    - `examples/websocket/prices_monitoring.py` - Monitoring real-time prices for an asset pair
    - `examples/websocket/wallet_monitoring.py` - Monitoring wallet positions and orders
    - `examples/consume_data_feed.py` - Working with the WebSocket data feed

- **Action Examples**
    - `examples/bridge_in_and_deposit.py` - Bridge in and deposit funds
    - `examples/withdraw_and_bridge_out.py` - Withdraw and bridge out funds
    - `examples/update_oracle_prices.py` - Update oracle prices

### Running Examples

To run the examples, use Python from the project root with the Poetry environment activated:

```bash
# Activate the Poetry environment (if not already activated)
poetry shell

# Run an example (use the module format)
python -m examples.basic_market_data
python -m examples.trading.order_entry
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Support

For any questions or support, please open a ticket on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/reyaxyz).
